Xiaoyu, you are finally willing to find me
I called you several times and you didn't answer
I don't know how anxious I am
Give me back my necklace
What necklace?
Stop pretending, I've checked the hospital's surveillance
You just took it away.
This necklace is worthless
You went to great lengths to steal him
Then why?
Xiaoyu, what are you talking about?
I don't understand.
Tell me which necklace you like.
I'll buy it for you right away
Right? I mean it to you
How could I possibly take your stuff?
tell the truth
Then I'll tell you now.
Xiaoyu, we are getting married, what are you playing with me?
You can't treat me like this because of my love and tolerance for you.
Then I will be sad too.
When do I scold molecules?
I told you we broke up
Xiaoyu, I have already gone to the Qin family to propose marriage
Mrs. Du and Mr. Qin have agreed
After a while, pick a good day and prepare the wedding for us.
What they didn't go through my Prodos will decide